# Site documentation

## Technologies used
- React JS
- Redux
- React Router
- APIs
- CSS (Bootstrap)

### The Homepage
  The homepage consists of four sections:
    - The header section
    - The products section
    - The info section
    - The footer section
  
  The header section contains basic site introduction information and a product video.
  The products section displays the products available and allows users add or remove items from their cart.
  The info section comprises of the 'How pepperish works' page and the 'Mobile app' page.
  The footer section contains the page footer.

  When any of the two 'Order Now' buttons on the homepage are clicked, the user is redirected to the order page.
  React router handles the route changes. The path for the order page is '/order/1' for the first product and '/order/2' for the second product.

### The Order Now Page
  This page consists of two sections:
    - The product description section
    - The product content section
  
  The description section shows the name and an image of the product. It also contains buttons for increasing the quantity of the desired product and for redirecting to the checkout page.
  
  The product content section displays what is contained in the currenttly selected product.

### The Checkout Page
  This page contains two sections:
    - The cart section
    - The user information section
  
  The cart section shows the content of the user's cart, the quantity of products ordered, buttons to add and decrease the number of items in the cart and a button to totally remove items from the cart.

  The user information section allows users input their details before proceeding to make payment.
  This section comprises of five (5) required fields:
  - First Name
  - Last Name
  - Phone Number
  - Route
  - Full Address

  and two (2) optional fields:
  - Email Address
  - Influencer's code

  Once the user enters the information and clicks the 'Pay' button, a request is sent to the backend and an order is set up and stored in the database.
  The user can proceed to make payments with any of the provided payment options (card, ussd, transfer or VISA QR)

  Once the payment is successful, a transaction reference generated by the payment provider is sent to the backend and the order is confirmed. If a transaction fails, the user is prompted to try again.

## Styling
  General styles are split into two files - css/utilities.css and css/utilities-sm.css.
  utilities.css contains styles for screen widths larger than 690px.
  utilities-sm.css handles screen widths below 690px.

  Each page also has a css file attached for styling its own elements.
  The css/animations.css file contains the styles for the site's animations and transitions.

  Bootstrap was also used to style some elements.
  Fontawesome library was used to provide icons for use on the site.

## API endpoints
  The server is hosted at https://pepperish.com.ng.

  The site makes some requests. The following API endpoints were consumed on the site:
  - GET https://pepperish.com.ng/images/png/[imageName] - Fetch a png image from the server with the specified imageName
  - GET https://pepperish.com.ng/images/svg/[imageName] - Fetch an svg image from the server with the specified imageName
  - GET https://pepperish.com.ng/video/[videoName] - Fetch a video from the server with the specified videoName
  - POST https://pepperish.com.ng/setOrder/ - Sends a request to the server to set up a new order woth the following details in the body of the POST request
  {
    email,
    firstName,
    lastName,
    phone,
    address,
    route,
    influencerCode,
    date,
    products,
  }
  - POST https://pepperish.com.ng/confirmOrder - After a successful payment, this endpoint is called with the following details in the POST body
  {
    response - a response object from the payment platform (i.e paystack),
    orderId - a unique integer ID generated for the particular order
    platform - a string that holds the platform used to make the payment eg. 'paystack' or 'flutterwave'
  }
